Oh, Mr. Lin
Did I say it looks so familiar?
Why are you here too?
I'm looking for Li Xiaolin
I want to make an investment in him
What about establishing an ecological tea garden here?
I want to ask
Are you representing an individual or a temporary group?
Of course it's a temporary group
Ah, really hard work.
What on earth did this Li Xiaolin come from?
Lin Ruoyu is a temporary daughter for a few days
The real man at the helm actually offered to shake his hand
Even I don't get such treatment.
Why do you call him that?
You are my savior
Just call me auntie
Manager Chen
Made you wait so long
Sorry, I'll go now.
No hurry no hurry
My place is so run down
How can you stay?
Not broken, not broken.
This beautiful scenery is a good place at first glance